Hey welcome to the next section.
So I'd like to start off this section by asking you a question.
It's not really a quiz or anything but I just want to know why there's a chicken on my desk and in the
meantime Lou and I are here to talk to you about the next section.
So we're continuing on our trend of working with multiple tables.
We saw a one to many relationship in the last section.
Now we're moving on to a many to many relationship and save this one for second.
It's a little more complex.
Don't be afraid is still very doable and very important.
Keep saying that very useful to be able to have multiple tables with a many to many relationship.
So we're going to focus on the section on implementing a schema for TV shows with reviewers and the
reviews that they write.
So think of like I don't know Breaking Bad and American horror story or two different shows.
We'll have a bunch of them.
I'll give you data and then ten different human reviewers Maybe a cat or two as well.
And these reviewers can go and assign ratings to every show.
So I could say this is a 10 to nine that too for whatever.
So that's what we're going to implement that sort of a schema which is a many to many relationship.
Hate it.
Stop eating that eat the chicken.
So OK where was I.
Exercise.
Yes.
This section is all exercise basically the way that I decided to do it is to go through not only building
the schema but also asking common questions about the data and performing common operations and the
joints we want to perform.
Basically as we go.
So the whole thing acts as a bit of a code along slash exercise.
So hopefully you like television if you don't then this will be a great insight great window into the
world of television for you but more importantly we're talking about joints.
Again working with multiple tables.
All right.